it's a trap it's a trap what is up guys
up 27 HD here we are back with money no
object Korea challenge so we are trying
the to build on the three wins that we
have done already it is transfer
deadline day now we've got nothing
really in the pipeline for this guy's
thought I would leave it up there just
so you guys could see some of the movers
and the shakers big one there is
allowing down ski moving to Chelsea not
really going to affect us in this season
because obviously we're not in the BPL
so there isn't anything that is really
going to give us too much heartache
there so we're going into our next match
against villa array I'll guys as you can
see of course world class 5 minutes on
the clock clear skies and we are
starting off the match Ronaldo pinion
and out there to come prowl so takes us
now to the 27th minute not much
happening in the first but they are
trying to press we managed to get the
ball free Ibrahimovic takes the ball
over to Royce Royce pinging one over the
top and Ibrahimovic takes control little
cut inside places a shot and it's just
blazing wide just slightly wide of the
mark bail takes control plays a
beautiful switch pass across to
Ibrahimovic Ibrahimovic across the Royce
and moist finishes it and he finishes it
so well that is like a sexually-active
goal if you watch it again it's just
beautiful one still passing from the
boys from Real Madrid and what a finish
by royce just watch this it between
links it over and reach just from the
bolts it a pass their keeper mobile a
slo-mo boom really pleased without when
that one in especially area on the gay
guys 38th minute but they are pressing
again and you know it's not just those
that are trying to get these goals they
are doing really well and they should
really score in this position they're
pressing pressing pressing but our
decent defense holds its water 43rd
minute they are back at it playing loud
and he's got to do better than that he
should be burying that attempt guys and
they'll back at it again 40
minute and they are very very unlucky
not to school there it just wisps past
that post but then it is our turn little
ball over the top and he gets all the
vertebras got strength e it's got style
and although cutting inside and just
finishing hey Gabe or us Ronaldo's class
on this game guys what I have been doing
just to give you an idea is switching
him and rose up from currently starting
with roses a striker when all there was
a left mid and on occasion you will find
Ronaldo higher up the pitch because i
tend to switch their positions if voices
and having too much success because he
still plays very well in that left mid
position but they are trying to press
guys they are cutting inside and they
are trying to finish they should really
be doing better and be a matter chances
they had they had a lot of success look
threading the ball through tucci and he
is unlucky once again you could put it
down to know yet or you could put it
down to you know their poor finishing
but what's this guy's they gotta finish
they've got to finish but Noah is an
absolute tank at the moment he's been
stopping everything that takes us to the
90th minute and they are pressing once
again there's not much chance of him
getting that the two goals that they're
after but it doesn't stop them from
having a go threaded the ball through
and off the post for them and that sums
up Villa rails gain today guys they just
didn't have the success where they
needed it and we managed to take our
fourth win of the campaign currently
rocking 12 points and you know moving
into the next game why not let's keep
them coming let's keep them coming agate
ave and when with agate ave i probably
pronounced it wrong and I'm offending an
entire football club in the Liga BBVA
but now I'm not on here liga BBVA
experts but i do know what I like and I
like around madrid went for seventh
minute guys ruse gets all the ball plays
it's rubra him a bitchy between its Lots
bail through bail tries a first-time
shot but is unable and gets the ball
blocked 18th minute they have got a
breakthrough guys Dale breaking they are
breaking fast they'll breaking hard they
try a long-range effort but it is
nothing to trouble man on Moya no
problems what so
ever once again they're on the ball
they're playing it off waiting for that
run we snatch it off them Ronaldo on the
ball has a thunderbolt of a shot what
their keeper is wise to it he's gonna
have to play really well Ronaldo to be
scoring from there you know this is
world class it is not an easy place to
come but Abraham a bitch takes control
of the ball get it out to Ronaldo
Ronaldo takes it once takes it twice and
manages to get a shot away but a shot
that is easily gathered by the keeper
now it is their turn guys can they get
that breakthrough can they get a shot
off they should be shooting now and they
do but annoyer is once again up for it
and able to stop it Ronaldo makes that
bit of space but unfortunately it blasts
over I'm getting the impression guys
this is going to be one of those games
this may well be the first game in which
we get a draw and we drop points because
it is just one of those games that I
don't feel like we're going to get a
goal until the 64th minute when who else
but the big nosed ponytail bastard
himself Ibrahimovic manages to get the
vital breakthrough what's this guy's
lovely slotted ball abran using his
strength and using that left foot to
polish them off that takes us to the
81st minute and I am so determined to
hold this lead I do not want to lose our
points I do not want to lose this
unbeaten record they get it slotted
through but a beautiful latch the
last-ditch tackle manages to take them
out and it is pretty much the end of the
game guys the 19th minute is up and we
take our victory well I'll say the 90th
minute it's near as dammit done we take
our victory guys and that is five wins
zero losses 0 draws and we're currently
rocking 15 points in the Liga BBVA
hopefully you've enjoyed this episode
guys if you would like to drop a delight
that would be really really appreciated
don't forget to sub if you're not
already follow me on Twitter and catch
you later